OADP 2822 Updated DPA Restic & Kopia (#66683)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-installing-dpa-1-3.adoc

        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <6>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          resourceGroup: <azure_resource_group> <7>
          storageAccount: <azure_storage_account_id> <8>
          subscriptionId: <azure_subscription_id> <9>
          storageAccountKeyEnvVar: AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ACCESS_KEY
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials}  <10>
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <11>
          prefix: <prefix> <12>
  snapshotLocations: <13>
    - velero:
        config:
          resourceGroup: <azure_resource_group>
          subscriptionId: <azure_subscription_id>
          incremental: "true"
        name: default
        provider: {provider}
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.
<3> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.
<4> Set this value to `false` if you want to disable the uploader installations.

> <5> Select `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. The selection cannot be changed after the installation. Restic deploys a daemon set, which means that Restic pods run on each working node. In OADP version 1.2 and later, you can configure Restic for backups by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR. In OADP version 1.1, add `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Reviewer: <4> set this to true if you want to enable node agent and perform file system backups.

<5> Select `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. The selection cannot be changed after the installation. Node Agent deploys a daemon set, which means that node agent pods run on each working node. In OADP version 1.2 and later, you can configure File system backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.  In OADP version 1.1, add `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.

> <5> Select `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. The selection cannot be changed after the installation. Restic deploys a daemon set, which means that Restic pods run on each working node. In OADP version 1.2 and later, you can configure Restic for backups by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR. In OADP version 1.1, add `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Author: @stillalearner 
This section is only for OADP 1.3. 

In OADP 1.3 can "you can configure File system backup by adding spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true to the Backup CR. "?

> <5> Select `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. The selection cannot be changed after the installation. Restic deploys a daemon set, which means that Restic pods run on each working node. In OADP version 1.2 and later, you can configure Restic for backups by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR. In OADP version 1.1, add `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Reviewer: right.

> <5> Select `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. The selection cannot be changed after the installation. Restic deploys a daemon set, which means that Restic pods run on each working node. In OADP version 1.2 and later, you can configure Restic for backups by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR. In OADP version 1.1, add `spec.defaultVolumesToRestic: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Author: Thank you!

<6> Specify on which nodes Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> Specify the Azure resource group.
<8> Specify the Azure storage account ID.
<9> Specify the Azure subscription ID.
<10> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<11> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<12> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
<13> You do not need to specify a snapshot location if you use CSI snapshots or Restic to back up PVs.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-gcp[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>

>   namespace: <OPERATOR_INSTALL_NS>

Reviewer 2: That would be fine with me.

endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-aws[]
* If the backup and snapshot locations use different credentials, you must create a `Secret` with the default name, `{credentials}`, which contains separate profiles for the backup and snapshot location credentials.
endif::[]
+
[NOTE]
====
If you do not want to specify backup or snapshot locations during the installation, you can create a default `Secret` with an empty `credentials-velero` file. If there is no default `Secret`, the installation will fail.
====

.Procedure

. Click *Operators* -> *Installed Operators* and select the OADP Operator.
. Under *Provided APIs*, click *Create instance* in the *DataProtectionApplication* box.

. Click *YAML View* and update the parameters of the `DataProtectionApplication` manifest:
ifdef::installing-oadp-aws[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - openshift <1>
        - aws
      resourceTimeout: 10m <2>

>     nodeAgent: <3>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <4>
      uploaderType: kopia <5>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <6>
  backupLocations:
    - name: default
      velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <7>
          prefix: <prefix> <8>
        config:
          region: <region>
          profile: "default"
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} <9>
  snapshotLocations: <10>
    - name: default
      velero:
        provider: {provider}
        config:
          region: <region> <11>
          profile: "default"
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <3> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<6> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<8> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
<9> Specify the name of the `Secret` object that you created. If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<10> Specify a snapshot location, unless you use CSI snapshots or Restic to back up PVs.
<11> The snapshot location must be in the same region as the PVs.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-azure[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - azure
        - openshift <1>
      resourceTimeout: 10m <2>

>     nodeAgent: <3>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <4>
      uploaderType: kopia <5>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <6>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          resourceGroup: <azure_resource_group> <7>
          storageAccount: <azure_storage_account_id> <8>
          subscriptionId: <azure_subscription_id> <9>
          storageAccountKeyEnvVar: AZURE_STORAGE_ACCOUNT_ACCESS_KEY
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials}  <10>
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <11>
          prefix: <prefix> <12>
  snapshotLocations: <13>
    - velero:
        config:
          resourceGroup: <azure_resource_group>
          subscriptionId: <azure_subscription_id>
          incremental: "true"
        name: default
        provider: {provider}
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <3> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<6> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> Specify the Azure resource group.
<8> Specify the Azure storage account ID.
<9> Specify the Azure subscription ID.
<10> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<11> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<12> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
<13> You do not need to specify a snapshot location if you use CSI snapshots or Restic to back up PVs.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-gcp[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: <OPERATOR_INSTALL_NS>
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - gcp
        - openshift <1>
      resourceTimeout: 10m <2>

>     nodeAgent: <3>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <4>
      uploaderType: kopia <5>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <6>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} <7>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <8>
          prefix: <prefix> <9>
  snapshotLocations: <10>
    - velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        config:
          project: <project>
          snapshotLocation: us-west1 <11>
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <3> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<6> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<8> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<9> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
<10> Specify a snapshot location, unless you use CSI snapshots or Restic to back up PVs.
<11> The snapshot location must be in the same region as the PVs.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-mcg[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - aws
        - openshift <1>
      resourceTimeout: 10m <2>

>     nodeAgent: <3>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <4>
      uploaderType: kopia <5>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <6>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        config:
          profile: "default"
          region: minio
          s3Url: <url> <7>
          insecureSkipTLSVerify: "true"
          s3ForcePathStyle: "true"
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} <8>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <9>
          prefix: <prefix> <10>
----
<1> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<2> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <3> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<6> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> Specify the URL of the S3 endpoint.
<8> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<9> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<10> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-ocs[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - kubevirt <1>
        - gcp <2>
        - csi <3>
        - openshift <4>
      resourceTimeout: 10m <5>

>     nodeAgent: <6>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <7>
      uploaderType: kopia <8>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <9>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        provider: {provider} <10>
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: <default_secret> <11>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <12>
          prefix: <prefix> <13>
----
<1> Optional: The `kubevirt` plugin is used with {VirtProductName}.
<2> Specify the default plugin for the backup provider, for example, `gcp`, if appropriate.
<3> Specify the `csi` default plugin if you use CSI snapshots to back up PVs. The `csi` plugin uses the link:https://{velero-domain}/docs/main/csi/[Velero CSI beta snapshot APIs]. You do not need to configure a snapshot location.
<4> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<5> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <6> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<7> Set this value to `true` if you want to enable `nodeAgent` and perform File System Backup.

> <8> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAagent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeagent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<8> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
```

Reviewer: to be updated in other places as well.

Author: Done. Thanks

<9> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<10> Specify the backup provider.
<11> Specify the correct default name for the `Secret`, for example, `cloud-credentials-gcp`, if you use a default plugin for the backup provider. If specifying a custom name, then the custom name is used for the backup location. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.
<12> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<13> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]
ifdef::virt-installing-configuring-oadp[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  configuration:
    velero:
      defaultPlugins:
        - kubevirt <1>
        - gcp <2>
        - csi <3>
        - openshift <4>
      resourceTimeout: 10m <5>

>     nodeAgent: <6>

Author: Updated

      enable: true <7>
      uploaderType: kopia <8>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <9>
  backupLocations:
    - velero:
        provider: {provider} <8>
        default: true
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: <default_secret> <9>
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <10>
          prefix: <prefix> <11>
----
<1> The `kubevirt` plugin is mandatory for {VirtProductName}.
<2> Specify the plugin for the backup provider, for example, `gcp`, if it exists.
<3> The `csi` plugin is mandatory for backing up PVs with CSI snapshots. The `csi` plugin uses the link:https://{velero-domain}/docs/main/csi/[Velero CSI beta snapshot APIs]. You do not need to configure a snapshot location.
<4> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<5> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.

> <6> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.

Author: Updated

<8> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAagent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeagent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<9> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<10> Specify the backup provider.
<11> Specify the correct default name for the `Secret`, for example, `cloud-credentials-gcp`, if you use a default plugin for the backup provider. If specifying a custom name, then the custom name is used for the backup location. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.
<12> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<13> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]

. Click *Create*.
. Verify the installation by viewing the OADP resources:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get all -n openshift-adp
----
+
.Example output

> +

Reviewer: `NAME                                                    READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/node-agent-729nn                                    1/1     Running   0          26s
pod/node-agent-wspmz                                    1/1     Running   0          26s
pod/node-agent-xg9pr                                    1/1     Running   0          26s
pod/openshift-adp-controller-manager-58558fcf5f-l2v8x   1/1     Running   0          9h
pod/velero-595b858947-z8hjl                             1/1     Running   0          26s

NAME                                                       TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/openshift-adp-controller-manager-metrics-service   ClusterIP   172.30.103.211   <none>        8443/TCP   9h
service/openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc                   ClusterIP   172.30.10.0      <none>        8085/TCP   8h

NAME                        DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/node-agent   3         3         3       3            3           <none>          27s

NAME                                               READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/openshift-adp-controller-manager   1/1     1            1           9h
deployment.apps/velero                             1/1     1            1           8h

NAME                                                          DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/openshift-adp-controller-manager-58558fcf5f   1         1         1       9h
replicaset.apps/velero-589c78c5ff                             0         0         0       7h18m
replicaset.apps/velero-595b858947                             1         1         1       28s
replicaset.apps/velero-648dc6488d                             0         0         0       6h13m
replicaset.apps/velero-6bd8d5cb5d                             0         0         0       7h5m
replicaset.apps/velero-b868688d9                              0         0         0       6h3m
replicaset.apps/velero-bb8c78f94                              0         0         0       8h
replicaset.apps/velero-d6778cb64                              0         0         0       7h50m
`

This above Output should be used for 1.3 DPA examples.

----
NAME                                                     READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/oadp-operator-controller-manager-67d9494d47-6l8z8    2/2     Running   0          2m8s

> pod/restic-9cq4q                                         1/1     Running   0          94s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pod/node-agent-9cq4q                                         1/1     Running   0          94s
```

> pod/restic-m4lts                                         1/1     Running   0          94s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pod/node-agent-m4lts                                         1/1     Running   0          94s
```

> pod/restic-pv4kr                                         1/1     Running   0          95s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pod/node-agent-pv4kr                                         1/1     Running   0          95s
```

pod/velero-588db7f655-n842v                              1/1     Running   0          95s

NAME                                                       TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/oadp-operator-controller-manager-metrics-service   ClusterIP   172.30.70.140    <none>        8443/TCP   2m8s

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
service/openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc                   ClusterIP   172.30.10.0      <none>        8085/TCP   8h

```

Author: @stillalearner 
Do you want both of these?

NAME                                                       TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
service/oadp-operator-controller-manager-metrics-service   ClusterIP   172.30.70.140    <none>        8443/TCP   2m8s
service/openshift-adp-velero-metrics-svc                   ClusterIP   172.30.10.0      <none>        8085/TCP   8h

Reviewer: yes, both should be there, after installing the DPA.

NAME                    DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE

> daemonset.apps/restic   3         3         3       3            3           <none>          96s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daemonset.apps/node-agent   3         3         3       3            3           <none>          96s
```

<4> Set this value to `true` if you want to enable `nodeAgent` and perform File System Backup.
<5> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<6> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<7> Specify the URL of the S3 endpoint.
<8> If you do not specify this value, the default name, `{credentials}`, is used. If you specify a custom name, the custom name is used for the backup location.
<9> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<10> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]
ifdef::installing-oadp-ocs[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>

>   namespace: openshift-adp

Reviewer 2: Update NS here too?

Author: @kaovilai 

If I change the NS in the Installation DPA, does it require changing the NS throughout the documentation?

Reviewer 3: ya.. so the namespace OADP installs into by default is openshift-adp, however the namespace name can be configured to be anything.  For documentation purposes IMHO coming up with a standard across the OADP docs seems like the right move.

We could use the default name openshift-adp everywhere if there is a corresponding note the namespace is configurable.  

The important thing would be:
1. A documentation standard for the namespace used for OADP in documentation
2. Clear documentation that is referable and cross linked that indicates the namespace name is a variable and for the sake of doc we're using the default 'openshift-adp'

Reviewer: +1 to using 'openshift-adp' as default along with a note mentioning that it is configurable.

Author: @weshayutin @stillalearner @kaovilai 

<1> The default namespace for OADP is `openshift-adp`. The namespace is a variable and is configurable.

Reviewer 2: Works for me!.
Thanks!

Reviewer: Looks good.

<8> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<9> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<10> Specify the backup provider.
<11> Specify the correct default name for the `Secret`, for example, `cloud-credentials-gcp`, if you use a default plugin for the backup provider. If specifying a custom name, then the custom name is used for the backup location. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.
<12> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<13> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]
ifdef::virt-installing-configuring-oadp[]
+
[source,yaml,subs="attributes+"]
----
apiVersion: oadp.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: DataProtectionApplication
metadata:
  name: <dpa_sample>

>   namespace: openshift-adp

Reviewer 2: And here?

<8> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<9> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.
<10> Specify the backup provider.
<11> Specify the correct default name for the `Secret`, for example, `cloud-credentials-gcp`, if you use a default plugin for the backup provider. If specifying a custom name, then the custom name is used for the backup location. If you do not specify a `Secret` name, the default name is used.
<12> Specify a bucket as the backup storage location. If the bucket is not a dedicated bucket for Velero backups, you must specify a prefix.
<13> Specify a prefix for Velero backups, for example, `velero`, if the bucket is used for multiple purposes.
endif::[]

. Click *Create*.
. Verify the installation by viewing the OADP resources:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc get all -n openshift-adp

Reviewer 2: And here?

// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-mcg.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/installing-oadp-ocs.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-installing-dpa-1-3_{context}"]
= Installing the Data Protection Application 1.3

You install the Data Protection Application (DPA) by creating an instance of the `DataProtectionApplication` API.

.Prerequisites

* You must install the OADP Operator.
* You must configure object storage as a backup location.
* If you use snapshots to back up PVs, your cloud provider must support either a native snapshot API or Container Storage Interface (CSI) snapshots.
* If the backup and snapshot locations use the same credentials, you must create a `Secret` with the default name, `{credentials}`.
ifdef::installing-oadp-azure,installing-oadp-gcp,installing-oadp-mcg,installing-oadp-ocs,virt-installing-configuring-oadp[]
* If the backup and snapshot locations use different credentials, you must create two `Secrets`:

** `Secret` with a custom name for the backup location. You add this `Secret` to the `DataProtectionApplication` CR.

> ** `Secret` with the default name, `{credentials}`, for the snapshot location. This `Secret` is not referenced in the `DataProtectionApplication` CR.

Reviewer 2: Ever since oadp 1.2, secret for snapshotlocation can be custom name as well.
https://github.com/openshift/velero/commit/596114b4279d8b8472d9f3bc1f8967df17186efe

cc @sseago

Reviewer 4: @kaovilai That's right. Either snapshot location or backup location can use default secret. Either snapshot location or backup location can use custom secret.

Author: @kaovilai @sseago 
If there is something you want me to change, please explain exactly what you want changed.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is fine as is.. otherwise following could work
```suggestion
** `Secret` with another custom name for the snapshot location. You add this `Secret` to the `DataProtectionApplication` CR.
```

Author: @kaovilai 
I made the change in the 1.3 and 1.2 DPAs

      resourceTimeout: 10m <3>
    nodeAgent: <4>
      enable: true <5>
      uploaderType: kopia <6>
      podConfig:
        nodeSelector: <node_selector> <7>
  backupLocations:
    - name: default
      velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        objectStorage:
          bucket: <bucket_name> <8>
          prefix: <prefix> <9>
        config:
          region: <region>
          profile: "default"
        credential:
          key: cloud
          name: {credentials} <10>
  snapshotLocations: <11>
    - name: default
      velero:
        provider: {provider}
        config:
          region: <region> <12>
          profile: "default"
----
<1> The default namespace for OADP is `openshift-adp`. The namespace is a variable and is configurable.
<2> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<3> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.
<4> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.
<5> Set this value to `true` if you want to enable `nodeAgent` and perform File System Backup.

> <6> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Author: @weshayutin @kaovilai @stillalearner 
Should we include here a sentence saying "You must use Kopia for the Built-in DataMover."?

> <6> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.

Author: ```suggestion
<6> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. For the Built-in DataMover you must use Kopia. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
```
@weshayutin @kaovilai @stillalearner 
Should we add this sentence?

Reviewer: It uses kopia anyway, so should not matter i think.

  snapshotLocations: <12>
    - velero:
        provider: {provider}
        default: true
        config:
          project: <project>
          snapshotLocation: us-west1 <13>
----
<1> The default namespace for OADP is `openshift-adp`. The namespace is a variable and is configurable.
<2> The `openshift` plugin is mandatory.
<3> Specify how many minutes to wait for several Velero resources before timeout occurs, such as Velero CRD availability, volumeSnapshot deletion, and backup repository availability. The default is 10m.
<4> The administrative agent that routes the administrative requests to servers.
<5> Set this value to `true` if you want to enable `nodeAgent` and perform File System Backup.
<6> Enter `kopia` or `restic` as your uploader. You cannot change the selection after the installation. For the Built-in DataMover you must use Kopia. The `nodeAgent` deploys a daemon set, which means that the `nodeAgent` pods run on each working node. You can configure File System Backup by adding `spec.defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `Backup` CR.
<7> Specify the nodes on which Kopia or Restic are available. By default, Kopia or Restic run on all nodes.

> <8> Secret key that contain credentials. For Google workload identity federation cloud authentication use `service_account.json`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
<8> Secret key that contains credentials. For Google workload identity federation cloud authentication use `service_account.json`.
```

Subject-verb agreement - This verb does not appear to agree with the subject.
